[electric buzzes]
[clanks]
[explodes]
["This Fffire" intro playing]
♪ Eyes, burning a way through me ♪
♪ Eyes, destroying so sweetly ♪
♪ Now, there is a fire in me ♪
♪ A fire that burns ♪
♪ This fire is out of control ♪
♪ I'll burn it! I'll burn it! ♪
♪ I'll burn it! I'll burn it down! ♪
[music fades]
-[whooshes]
-[drum beating]
-[Maine] Any movement?
-[Dorio] Dead. Nothing in, nothing out.
[Maine] Motherfucker.
[Dorio] Faraday had it right.
He swapped venues.
[Maine] Ah! Dropped the ball on this.
Sorry-ass lost cause by now.
'Saka cleanin' house
over a stolen stretch? Can't be it.
[Maine] Hmm. Thinkin' you're right.
Whole thing reeks of high-risk shit.
I wish Faraday tells us
what the fuck we after.
[Dorio] What's that saying,
"Biggest fish is the one that got away"?
Should I dig deeper on Tanaka?
[Maine] Nah, sniffin' around 'Saka's
biz is a fixer's job.
It's on him to give us a lead.
What would that ass-munch say,
"I pay you to check the boxes
off my list."
[Dorio] Sure, but…
curiosity is killin' me.
Let me sic Kiwi on him,
see what she can find.
[Maine] Ain't gonna stop you,
baby doll.
Meantime, you and me, let's go to town.
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
-[rings]
-[mutters]
-[beeps]
-[Maine] Bad, bad time kid. Now's bad.
[David] Uh the word. What's the word?
Hadn't heard anything.
[Maine] Said I'd c-call if any giggy
popped up.
[David] Nothing? Still nada?
Take whatever you got.
[Maine] Desperate looks ugly, rookie.
Eds all gone? Blow your last cut already?
-[David] Not Eddies. Not what I mean.
-[Maine] Huh?
[David] Learning, learning the ropes, me.
You can't be my crutch.
-[David] Said yourself, right?
-[grunts]
Right, fine.
Hey! I'm looking for Aldo.
[Aldo] Yeah? Who's looking now?
[David] Maine. He sent me.
[Aldo] Ha? You Davis then?
[David] Uh…
-[Aldo] Huh?
-[David] I'm David.
-[Aldo] Davis?
-[David] It's David! Not Davis! David!
[Aldo] What are you screaming for,
rude motherfucker?
Got it. David. Heard you.
Pilar's carrier pigeon, yeah?
[Aldo] Pilar's?
[Aldo] It was you, wasn't it?
The punk kid who klepped and junked
a 'Saka limo? Hell of an entrance.
[David] Yeah… my first real gig.
[Aldo] Could have collected
five fat stacks for it at least.
If you hadn't gone and turned it to scrap.
-[David] Well, there's always next time.
-[Aldo] Ha?
[David] I'll do better next time!
[Aldo laughing]
Next time, eh?
Well, guess we'll see you if last time
wasn't just beginner's luck.
-[David] What do you mean by that?
-[Aldo] Nothing personal.
We'll find out soon if you're the shit
or just another shit stain.
[police 1] Hear about that C-Psycho
up in Watson?
They just keep popping up.
[police 2] Yeah, two-man patrol
flat-lined just like that.
Saw the scrolls. Poor fuckers.
A single launcher hit
turned them both into canned EEZYBeef.
-[sighs]
[train rumbling]
-[footsteps]
-[buzzes]
[clatters]
-Hey, David, my man!
-[whimpers]
-What's going on? Everything good?
-I am-- Uh, yeah!
What's up, choom? You need something?
Uh, yeah!
Got this package here from Maine.
Is Pilar here?
Ugh!
Yo, bro, it's for you!
-He's your brother?
-[Pilar] Ha?
Maine sent you something. Come get it.
[giggles]
-Fucking finally!
-[gasps]
Wowza! The boys'd kill
for a pair of cyberhands like these!
-[Pilar] So preem!
-[crackles]
-[Pilar laughing maniacally]
-Need me to excuse you, or…?
Got anything else for me to do
or that it?
-[Rebecca] Bro, that it for today?
-[grunts]
Yeah, fuck off!
-And, Becca, tip him on his way out.
-[gun fires]
-He's your errand boy! Fork it over
yourself, cheapass.
[Pilar] It's bulletproof!
So is that everything? Do I clock out now?
Uh… Yeah, whatev.
Looks that way to me.
[sighs] Uh, nova, I guess.
-[grunts]
-[bleeps]
[shrieks] Whoa! That's a tip?
[chuckles] David, you're fucking adorable.
-Huh?
-See you soon, dimples.
[bleeps]
[Lucy] Hey, heyo, you free tonight?
-Whoa!
-[hisses]
[silence]
[footsteps approaching]
You showed up?
You told me to come, so I did.
[Lucy] Maine bullied me, said I had to.
What? Maine did?
[Lucy] But why? Why me?
[Maine] He a stray. You ain't never
taken one in, a stray?
Show some responsibility.
[Lucy]
He's yours. You said to keep him.
[Maine] Come on.
Kid's been hounding me for work.
Whine-yap-yap. Walk that dawg.
Tucker him out.
[bleeps]
Assmunch.
Fuck that guy!
[Lucy] I'll say, on my day off, too.
Sorry, you're stuck with me.
[Lucy] No offense but, chopsticks, narrow
torso, not exactly built like a punk.
With that frame, look primed to tweak out
after one, maybe two more implants.
[exhales] I ain't weak,
if that's what you're getting at.
[Lucy] Keep up then.
[thuds]
[Maine] Ever use one?
[David] Nope.
[Maine] Gloria never let you carry?
It's time, we change that.
What do you say? Could teach you
some tricks if you want.
Think… Sandevistan.
I'll stick with that.
[clicking]
[bleeping]
[gasps]
[thuds]
[cracking]
-[David] Hey.
-[Lucy] Yeah?
Been wondering. Are you a real netrunner?
Clearly. And?
Nothing. Just why would netrunners
have to, you know, run.
Net or edge, runner's a runner.
Good stamina can take you far.
[hisses]
[clicks]
[inaudible dialogue]
[Maine] You don't fly your crib without
cover from now on. You feel me, dawg?
Every single day you check: wallet,
cock sock, and your damn iron.
Sure, some punks strictly hack,
or go straight chrome.
But it will be a while
before you can keep your ass alive
using just cyberware.
Until that time comes,
this piece will be your backup plan.
-[grunts]
-[shower running]
-So, hey.
-What now?
How old are you anyway?
-[panting]
-[tires screeching]
[bangs]
[tires screech]
[sighs]
How're things going on with Lucy?
[David] Huh?
[Maine] Treatin' her right?
Sorry. Didn't mean…
That came out wrong.
Just meant, your age, your skills,
they don't add up.
Applying math where it ain't applicable.
It's aptitude and hard work.
So get that straight. Only gonks
talk down to others based on age.
Gonks like?
Long-limb techies.
-[hisses]
-[panting]
[bleeps]
-[grunts]
-[splashes]
[gasps]
[snarls]
[David] What do you mean by
"treating her right"?
[Maine] Mean to say
y'all haven't done nothing?
[David] What are we
talking about, exactly?
David, my clueless choom.
You need to grow a pair.
And I think you know, I ain't just
talking 'bout in the edgerunning sense.
[grunts]
[David] Really? Thought I saw
you two hitting it off the other day.
[David] Back at the block party,
post limo heist.
[Lucy] He acts the mentor sometimes,
then turns around, gets grabby.
Had enough that night,
so I fried him slightly.
Fucked-off real quick after that.
[laughs]
-And you?
-Me?
You serious about edgerunnin'?
[hisses]
[David] Ain't into her like that.
[Maine] Come on kid, we all got eyes.
[sighs] Or, at least she ain't
into me like that.
Yeah, probably, choom.
[thuds]
Why you ask?
To be honest, just don't strike me
as the type, is all.
What does that mean?
[pants] Tell me!
[rock music playing]
[rock music continuously playing]
[David] I'm sick of trying
to figure her out, you know.
[Maine] Meaning what, man?
[David]
Said she wants to go to the moon.
The damn moon?
Yeah. I guess it's her dream or whatever.
[gunshots]
[inaudible dialogue]
[silence]
[running]
[panting]
Turned out to be a lot faster
than you look.
[chuckles] Yeah, yeah.
No, seriously.
Doubted you could keep up with me.
If that's supposed to be a pep talk,
no need. I don't go down easy.
[David panting]
[rock music playing]
-[gunshots]
-[clicks]
[Maine] Never mentioned
nothing about that to me.
Thinking she lied?
Who knows? Just ask her.
[David] I mean, she was probably
just stalling me, but…
Well, she took me to the moon…
Special BD she had.
[Maine] You two went on a date
to the moon?
Shit, dawg! It don't get much more
romantic than that in Night City.
[clanks]
[Lucy] Here, a training regimen.
[Lucy] The bare minimum you should know.
No more hand-holding after today.
If you're serious about this, you're gonna
have to push hard to keep up. And then…
And then, what?
-[grunts]
-[panting]
[rock music playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
[sound]
[panting]
[David] How long she been running
for your crew?
[Maine] Uh, maybe a year.
Kiwi brought her in.
Said she'd found a natural,
real code fiend.
[David] And before that?
[Maine] Like I said, ask her yourself
if you're interested, kid.
I don't give two shits
about people's pasts.
As long as they pull their weight
on the job, we're good.
That suits me just fine.
-[hisses]
-[loud sigh]
[music fades]
[clatters]
Hey! Quiet down!
[Pilar] Damn it!
[murmurs]
[Dorio] He pissing up there?
-[Kiwi] Ugh, beaut.
-[Rebecca] Gross!
Fuck! What's your problem, Choom?
Why you gotta go pissing in the street?
-Hey, homie! Playing golf on that barrel?
-[metal clanks]
[Lucy] Leave him alone, Pilar.
-[Rebecca] Buh-bye, bro.
-[Pilar] Gonna show us your stroke?
[grunts] You hard of hearin', choomba?
I'm talking to ya.
Listen up. This here alley you're
watering in is our turf, asshole.
And guess what,
we don't like steppin' in piss.
-Are we clear on that?
-[clanks]
Now be a good asshole, pinch it off
and cage that pecker so we could…
-[murmuring]
-Oh, shit man! That's fucking plastic.
-You chromed your dick? That had to hurt.
-[murmurs continuously]
[gasps]
Gives new meaning to the phrase,
"hard as iron-"
-[gunshot]
-[blasts]
[gasps]
-[clatters]
-[grunts]
[metal clanking]
[clinks]
[Maine] Hey…
-[grunting]
-[hissing]
[Maine] Da… vid…
[grunting] move…
[growling]
-[blasts]
-[shatters]
[grunts]
Don't you freeze on me now!
Fucking capped him!
-[Kiwi] Got some Pilar on me…
-[Rebecca] Give me that!
[grunts] Cocksucker!
You had no fucking right!
You fucking cyberpsycho trash!
[yells]
Crazy little shit. You'll flatline
before you can land a shot on him.
[Rebecca] Let me go!
Die!
[gunshots]
[grunts]
Fuck! Of all times…
Kiwi! Becs needs a lullaby-bye!
-On it.
-[hisses]
[David] Where's Lucy?!
[rumbles]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
[David] Hey, asshole!
[babbling]
David, no!
[whooshes]
[grunts]
[pants]
[blinks]
-[inhales]
-[gunshots]
[tense music plays]
You okay?
[exhales] I'm fine.
Alright. Nova.
You're bleeding…
-[gun cocks]
-[gasps]
-[thuds]
-[gunshots]
Miserable bitch!
Was mine to kill!
You took that from me!
[gunshot]
[panting]
[Lucy] Don't touch me.
You're hurt. Need a booster?
No. I'm good.
Dorio, girls needs a ripperdoc.
You should take her to our buddy.
Kiwi and I'll hang back here and take care
of things 'till the pigs show to clean up.
It's a pain in the ass, but someone's
gotta explain this clusterfuck.
-[Dorio] Boss man's spoken.
-Hmm.
-You too, kid. Stick with Lucy and Dorio.
-Huh?
We'll tell the badges exactly
what went down.
Fucker's chromed up to the wazoo.
It'll be easy.
Minimal questions. They'll file it
as a cyberpsycho incident and done.
-Yeah, but…
-Saw what you did back there, dawg.
It's high time you stop
thinking like a rookie.
[exhales]
Not you again!
You know, I'm not a licensed physician.
It doesn't matter. It's not like I
volunteered to come here.
Sure. Whatever.
I'm going alone.
Make sure you get her home
when she's clean, alright.
-What! You're leaving?
-Maine said you could take his wheels.
-[door closes]
-[inhales]
[grunts]
Hey Lucy.
-[revs]
-[sighs]
-[Lucy] Here's fine.
-[David] Okay.
-Night.
-Uh…
[David] Can… can we talk?
[Lucy] This way.
[Lucy] Aw. Cloudy tonight.
[David] Remember that moon BD we did?
That was… fun.
[light music playing]
[Lucy] I had something
I wanted to talk to you about, too.
Huh?
I know how it must look,
but, it's true
What I said then.
It was actually the first time
I told anyone.
Well, that's good. I like that.
You know, the idea that you weren't lying.
What if I'm lying now?
-Seriously doubt it.
-Why not?
-Just don't see it.
-[chuckles] Crazy.
You should've said something earlier
and spilled it right away.
I couldn't.
What stopped you?
[sighs] You were so mad at me.
I was not!
Were too.
I wasn't pissed off or anything.
It's just…
-Well, yeah. I guess I kind of was
-See what I mean?
Okay, so maybe I was angry.
But it ain't like I'm holding a grudge.
[silence]
Wouldn't have jumped
that raging psycho if I was.
-Liar.
-I'm serious.
No, you would have.
You're the guy who jumps
into the fire to rescue someone,
anyone, even when you know
you're gonna get burned.
Just that type.
Are we back to the
"you're no merc" thing?
Maine thinks I got what it takes.
-Why is it you don't see…
-No, it's not that.
I know you'll make a good edgerunner.
Already are, I think.
So what's the problem?
Don't make a name for yourself
as a cyberpunk by how you live…
Make a name by how you die.
[whimpers]
[Lucy]
It's not the life or the end you deserve.
What's that even mean?
How am I any different from you?
I've got nowhere else to go. This is it.
[David] Then we're exactly the same.
-You and I are worlds apart.
-In what way?
[inhales]
I'm going to take you there myself,
fly you to the moon.
That's a promise!
[light rock music playing]
[Lucy] I don't want you to die on me.
[moans]
[David] I won't.
["Let You Down" playing]
♪ They will finally feel the flames ♪
♪ Flames that run down through my veins ♪
♪ I will make this city burn ♪
♪ We’re not planning to return ♪
♪ Trying so hard to be free ♪
♪ To make you see what I see ♪
♪ Hold on to your wishes ♪
♪ If you can’t hold on to me ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you down again ♪
♪ I guess I’m not strong enough ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Let you down ♪
[music stops]